Shen Yi, you are just a second-tier idiot.
Where does the confidence come from? It’s scary,
Dogs will never stop eating shit.
Be optimistic about women and men, your own stocks.
You! You! Are you kidding me?
If you miss me, where can you find a good man?
Sorry, I'm married.
Getting married? Li Jiaojiao,
You hate home so much. People are fooling,
Are you anxious to find someone to have sex with? There are no men left for you, right?
Where can you find a man like you who is a loser?
Yes, really, you might as well keep it and drink the bottle,
You are still the old man who eats somewhere
Like one of us brothers
Rich second generation with money and affairs
Become a good man and find a good man
you missed him
Your mother is gone, right?
It's all added up
It's you who are so evil
An unworthy person takes action to cause death
why are you here
That is Li Xiangsang’s husband
It's a hospital, a transfer station, throw it out
Are you arrogant?